jamie gamers like this I am video is
so that they are very very well and in this
I bring you a video very
interesting basics that everything
geek stopped kissing let's start
the word auto could be said that
has two definitions depends on
West East where it is
pronounce the word is well the
Japanese and means house by adding
side means your house usually
the east the Japanese use the
Heel word respectively
there is an insult and movements and
all the people who like the
binary sleeve
in the West, the word chants
one more person who likes anime
video games and it's not derogatory and the
most closer term here would be a fried
anime animes a word used to
refer to Japanese animation
generally also to the drawings
Korean and Chinese Mayan is the word that
is used to refer to the
Japanese cartoons and that unlike
of comics and other comic strips
other provenances that are not profitable
it reads from right to left mangaka
term used to refer to
author of manga man one is a term
which refers to comic strips
Korean women who followed from left to
right omar that is the term that is
gives for the extra mollusk that can
contain some human anime
cosplay this term comes from English
kostüme play that refer to the
people who disguise themselves as characters
of videogames aircraft sleeves and so on
mexico- japanese word meaning
expenditure
and not Japanese word that means but
at Japanese time that means
ney as the sheep is called like that
that people use to
disguise as cats
they are also rabbit but let me do
what is a cat
vision com is the Japanese word that
means cute girl beautiful girl
and it is used to describe the
protagonists collegiate of the sleeves and
animes video games etcetera visionen es
the Japanese word to write the
manga ready or beautiful anime manga
that typical guy that you see and express
in little stars when you see the anime
wilman ya ander is the sum of two
Japanese words and emotionally
unstable and loving duty this is the
character type is characterized by being
Gentle and loving at the beginning for
after all is translation and love
become an unstable person
being able to transform into a person
violent even get to the murdered
good friends more up here this video
count the medium under what they thought and
if they know any other word x that more
also share or subscribe
good
if not
Hello